REGR: fix TimedeltaIndex sum and datetime subtraction with NaT (#25282, #25317) (#25329)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v0.24.2.rst

- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.apply` causing ``RecursionError`` when ``dict``-like classes were passed as argument. (:issue:`25196`)

- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.duplicated()`, where empty dataframe was not returning a boolean dtyped Series. (:issue:`25184`)
- Fixed regression in subtraction between :class:`Series` objects with ``datetime64[ns]`` dtype incorrectly raising ``OverflowError`` when the `Series` on the right contains null values (:issue:`25317`)

> - Bug in :class:`TimedeltaIndex` where `np.sum(index)` incorrectly returned a zero-dimensional object instead of a scalar (:issue:`25282`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :class:`TimedeltaIndex` where `np.sum(index)` incorrectly returned a zero-dimensional object instead of a scalar (:issue:`25282`)
```

(to keep it consistent with the other bullet points)

-

**Timedelta**

> - Bug in :class:`TimedeltaIndex` where `np.sum(index)` incorrectly returned a zero-dimensional object instead of a scalar (:issue:`25282`)

Reviewer: you can move this to the regression section as well?
